MEDITERRANEAN SEA
60 MILES SOUTH OF MARSEILLES
[in Italian] Come on, show the cards!
[in Italian] One, two, three, four,
five, six and seven. Not enough.
[men grunting]
[in Italian] What a mess.
You've never seen a dead man before?
Oh, my God.
He's alive!
Put a blanket on him. Cover him.
I'm coming.
Be careful.
One minute.
I'll be right there. Cover him.
Get rid of this stuff.
Go back to work now.
[grunting]
[Bourne, in English]
What the hell are you doing to me?
[in Italian] No, I saved you!
I saved your life.
I'm doing this for you.
[Bourne, in English] What are you doing?
[muffled]
Goddamn it! Where am I?
[in English] A boat! A fishing boat.
You were in the water.
We pulled you out.
What water?
You were shot. See? There are the bullets.
Look, there is a number for a bank.
Why was it in your hip?
-My hip?
-Why was it in your hip?
Yeah, in your hip, under the skin.
Oh, God.
You need to rest. Wait. Please. Lie down.
I'm a friend. I'm your friend.
My name is Giancarlo.
Who are you?
What's your name?
I don't know.
-Oh, God.
-Lie down.
[thud]
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
LANGLEY, VIRGINIA
[indistinct conversations]
It's been confirmed, sir. Mission failed.
[Bourne, in French] Do you know who I am?
I do not know who I am.
[in Dutch] Tell me who I am.
[continues in Dutch] If you know who I am,
please stop messing around
and tell me.
-[in Italian] Ravioli, again?
-[Giancarlo] Shut up and eat.
-That's the only thing you can cook?
-Yeah.
[in English] If you want to eat,
you'd better get in there.
[Bourne] You know, based on these charts,
I think I may have been
closer to the coast.
What is this? You tie these knots?
-So, it starts to come back?
-No, it doesn't start to come back.
The knot is like everything else.
I just found the rope and I did it.
Same way I can read, I can write.
I can add, subtract.
I can make coffee. I can shuffle cards.
-I can set up a chessboard.
-Yes, it will come back.
No, it's not coming back, god damn it!
That's the point!
I'm down here looking through this,
all this shit!
For two weeks I'm down here.
It's not working.
I don't even know what to look for.
You need to rest. It will come back.
What if it doesn't come back?
We get in there tomorrow,
I don't even have a name.
It's not much,
but it should get you to Switzerland.
Thank you.
[officers speaking German]
[officer calls out]
[officer 1, in German]
Can't you read the signs?
[officer 2, in German]
On your feet. Let's go, right now.
[officer 1] The park is closed.
There's no sleeping in the park.
[in English] All right.
[in German] Let's see some identification.
No, I don't...
[officer 1, in German]
Come on. Your papers.
I don't have any papers. I lost my...
[in German] I've lost them.
My papers, they are lost.
[in German] Okay.
Let's go. Put your hands up.
[in German] I just need to sleep.
[officer 2] Come on, up.
Hey, get up! up!
[gun cocking]
These people have threatened
my family, my babies.
So, I'm telling you,
when the evidence is clear,
I will have a nice story
for you to read about.
And all my friends out there,
you will read about yourselves.
'Cause if you want to play this game
after I have been reasonable,
I will show you.
That's Nykwana Wombosi speaking in Paris
the day before yesterday.
He was an irritation before he took power,
he was a problem when he was in power,
and he's been a disaster for us in exile.
He's writing a book
about the Agency's history in Africa.
He's going to name names.
It's basically a shakedown.
He's demanding the Agency's help.
He wants us to put him back in power
in six months, or else.
This interview, and I'll make the tape
available to anyone who wants it,
he goes on to claim
that he's just survived
an assassination attempt.
He says it's us. He says he's got proof.
The director wants to know
if there's any possible shred of truth
in this accusation.
I've already assured him
there's nobody that reckless
on my senior staff.
I was recalling a conversation
we had some time ago.
Talking about Treadstone.
I seem to remember
Nykwana Wombosi's name might have come up.
I'm not sure what we're talking about.
Someone tried to take him out.
Tried and failed.
Was this Treadstone?
You're asking me a direct question?
Yes.
-I thought you were never gonna do that.
-What happened?
Well, we lost communication with our man.
This was almost two weeks ago.
We've been working
around the clock, the whole unit.
We've been sleeping down there.
Believe me, we're doing everything we can.
And you don't let me know this?
You never wanted to before.
You never made a mistake before.
GEMEINSCHAFT BANK
ZURICH, SWITZERLAND
[in German] What can I do for you?
[in English] Yes, I'm here
about a numbered account.
[in English] If you enter
your account number here,
I'll direct you to an appropriate officer.
[elevator dings]
[in German] Your hand, please.
[beeps]
My name is Jason Bourne.
I live in Paris.
[men chattering in German]
[in German] I'm trying to think,
how long's it been since I was here last?
[in German] I'm not sure,
it must be three weeks.
[phone dialing]
[Bourne] Yes, in Paris.
Do you have the number for a Jason Bourne?
[female operator] Yes, sir.
Would you like me to connect you?
Yes, please.
[Bourne on answering machine]
This is 4-6-9-9-0-3-8-4.
Leave a message at the beep.
[message repeating in French]
[siren blaring]
[tram sounding horn]
[speaking German]
[siren blaring]
-I'm an American.
-Okay.
Hold it.
Wait. You have no jurisdiction here.
-Hold it there. Okay?
-[speaking German]
[Marie] No. Excuse me. No.
This is not my current address, okay?
This was my current address
until two days ago,
when I started standing in line outside.
Now I lose my apartment, okay?
That means no address, no phone,
no money, no time.
-And I still have no visa!
-[clerk] Miss Kreutz, please.
I'm gonna have to ask you
to keep your voice down.
[Marie] Excuse me. I mean, but...
Where's the guy
that I talked to last week?
Every week it's a new person.
How am I supposed to--
I don't know who you saw last week.
Well, let me help you.
I'm sure I have it. Wait. Hang on.
[clerk] Could I have
your attention for a moment, please?
Hang on, I have it right here.
Just look at it.
[clerk] You staged an effort to circumvent
the immigration laws of the United States.
This is a student visa now.
It's not about a green card anymore.
It's completely different.
It's not a menu, Miss Kreutz.
You don't just pick what you want.
-I brought all this proof.
-[man on radio] Potential suspect...
[voices fading]
You! Red bag! The red bag!
Stop right there! Put your hands up!
[woman gasps]
[people screaming]
[alarm blaring]
[man] I'm on the east--
[groans, screams]
[man 1 on radio] Move it! Now! Now! Move!
[man 2 on radio] Alpha Unit,
take the back stairs
and work your way up. Bravo...
[indistinct chatter]
[man 1 on radio] Move in! Move in!
Check. Clear!
-[man on radio] The suspect is...
-Bravo Unit. Moving up staircase.
-Proceeding to second floor.
-Go, go, go!
[alarm continues blaring]
[man 2 on radio] Alpha Unit, you're clear.
Move! Move!
Alpha, Bravo Units,
target may have a radio.
Go to Code 77. Over.
[man 2] Code 77, copy.
-Get down on the floor! Now!
-[woman screams]
Clear!
[creaking]
Go. Move up. Move up.
-He's in Zurich now? Right now?
-Yes. It just came in.
-But they're sure? They're sure it's him?
-Yes. He went to the bank.
Our source at the bank, that's who called.
-Come on.
-But he's got to assume
-we're watching the bank, right?
-I don't know. Come on.
I mean, he cleaned out the box.
He left a gun. What does that mean?
I said I don't know.
I liked it better
when I thought he was dead.
[curses in German]
What are you looking at?
-I heard you inside.
-What?
The consulate. I heard you talking.
I thought maybe we could help each other.
How's that?
You need money. I need a ride out of here.
I'm not running a car service
just now. Thank you.
I'll give you $10,000
to drive me to Paris.
[in German] What, do you think I'm a fool?
[in German]
You'd be a fool not to take it.
[in English] What is this,
a joke? Some kind of scam?
[in English] No, it's no scam.
And I'll give you another ten
when we get there.
-Jesus.
-[siren blaring]
-Is that for you?
-Look. You drive, I pay. It's that simple.
[curses in German]
I got enough trouble, okay?
Okay. Can I have my money back?
[Conklin] All right, go. Keep going.
Go.
-There! Wait!
-[man] No, it's got to be near the end.
Oh, come on, folks!
We caught a break here! Let's go!
Okay, I'm up. We're getting grids.
-Airline, train, hotels, hospitals.
-Who's getting the address?
-The street?
-Gemensheidt.
-Here we go.
-I got it. I think I got it.
[Zorn] Is it him?
Unreal.
[man] This is 38 minutes ago.
[Zorn] Hey, Zurich police
are looking for an American man
carrying a red bank bag.
He just tore up the embassy,
and he put two cops
in the hospital last night.
Get everybody up. Do it now.
-I want them all activated.
-Wait. All of them?
-At the same time?
-You heard me.
I want Bourne in a body bag by sundown.
All right, let's get a map up here!
Come on, folks! Let's work it!
The grids are getting updated.
LOCATED: BARCELONA
ENTRANCE ACCEPTED
TYPE COMMAND: ENTER
CONNECTING
PREP MODE AND ARM READY
FOR TRANSPORT
HOLD PATTERN UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE
SENDING
HAMBURG
ACTIVATION CODE: MANHEIM
PREP MODE AND ARM/TRANSPORT ZURICH
PASSPORT CHILE/IMMEDIATE DISPATCH
432ZZ45
HOLD DESTINATION ZURICH - SENDING
LOCATING: ROME
CONNECTING - LOCATION: ROME ITALY
TRANSMISSION CONFIRMED
[Marie speaking indistinctly]
[Marie] ...which was fine with me,
because I was ready.
You know, because, I mean,
after six months in Amsterdam,
you're not sure if you've been there
for 20 minutes or 20 years,
if you know what I mean.
So I went, and I took all the money I had.
And I went in with friends,
and we took over
this really cool surf shop
outside Biarritz, which was
right by the water. It was amazing.
It was just amazing
for about three months,
until it turned out that this jerk
who had fronted us the lease
was actually shining everyone on and...
[sighs]
And what?
What do you mean "what"? Listen to me.
I've been speed-talking
for about 60 kilometers now.
I talk when I'm nervous.
I mean, I talk like this when I'm nervous.
-I'm gonna shut up now.
-No, don't do that.
I haven't talked to anybody in a while.
Yeah, but we're not talking. I'm talking.
You've said, like,
ten words since we left Zurich.
Well, listening to you, it's relaxing.
I haven't slept in a while and...
And I've had this headache.
It's like a constant thing inside my head,
and it's just starting
to move to the background,
so keep going.
Really, if you want, please keep talking.
Okay. [chuckles]
What kind of music do you like?
-Hmm?
-Uh...
What do you like? Come on.
[turns on radio]
-You know what? Never mind.
-No, it's fine. Tell me.
[switching channels]
What do you want to listen to?
I don't know.
Come on, it's not that hard.
What do you like? Tell me.
I don't know.
Who pays $20,000 for a ride to Paris?
Fuck it.
I can't remember anything
that happened before two weeks ago.
-Lucky you.
-No, I'm serious.
I don't know who I am.
I don't know where I'm going. None of it.
-What? Like amnesia?
-Yes.
-Amnesia.
Right.
And that's the best angle
of the courtyard?
That's the only angle.
[Conklin] What do
they have of the streets?
Or, you know, the area?
They must have something.
Hang on.
Oh, what is he doing?
Is it a game?
Is he warning us? Is it a threat?
Sir? Look at this.
-What's that?
-It's an angle of the street.
-It's some sort of alley. But if--
-Just enhance it.
Now, who the hell is that?
[man] Marie Helene Kreutz.
She's 26, born outside Hanover.
Her father was a welder. He died in '87.
We still don't have the mother. The
grandmother, she's still there in Hanover.
It looks like she's the anchor
for this little domestic disaster.
And there's a stepbrother.
It's tough. The girl's a gypsy.
I mean, she pops up on the grid
here and there, but it's chaotic at best.
She paid some electric bills
in Spain, '95. Had a phone in her name
for three months in Belgium, '96.
No taxes, no credit.
I don't like her. I want to go deep.
Get a phone log for Granny
and the half-brother.
Anybody we can cross-file.
I want to know every place she's slept
in the past six years.
Have Paris get these out in the field.
TREADSTONE SAFE HOUSE
PARIS, FRANCE
[keyboard clacking]
[Bourne] I'm not making this up.
These are real.
-Okay.
-Who has a safety deposit box full of...
money, and six passports, and a gun?
Who has a bank account number
in their hip?
I come in here,
and the first thing I'm doing is
I'm catching the sight lines
and looking for an exit.
I see the exit sign, too. I'm not worried.
I mean, you were shot.
People do all kinds of weird
and amazing stuff when they are scared.
I can tell you the license plate numbers
of all six cars outside.
I can tell you
that our waitress is left-handed,
and the guy sitting up
at the counter weighs 215 pounds
and knows how to handle himself.
I know the best place to look for a gun
is the cab of the gray truck outside.
And at this altitude,
I can run flat out for a half-mile
before my hands start shaking.
Now, why would I know that?
How can I know that and not know who I am?
Hey.
I slept.
-I can't believe it.
-Yeah, well, you were tired.
I haven't slept.
Oh, here. For $20,000,
I like to throw in breakfast.
Did you stop for gas?
[Marie exhales]
You were pretty out of it.
Well...
So, do you think there's,
like, a family waiting for you?
I don't know.
I've thought about it.
[Marie] Is that it?
104. Yeah, that's the address.
No, no, keep going. Keep going.
-Okay. Where?
-Just take a left. Pull in over here.
So, this is it, right?
Yeah, I guess.
God, I don't recognize any of this.
Okay. I should go.
Jason...
Oh, God. The money. Right.
Yeah.
Here.
Thank you. Okay.
Thanks for the ride.
Anytime.
Well, you could come up.
I mean, or you can wait here.
I can go check it out. But you could wait.
-Oh, no, no. No, no.
-You could wait.
Um, with you, you would probably
just forget about me if I stayed here.
How could I forget about you?
You're the only person I know.
Yeah. That's true.
[buzzer sounding]
I guess you're not home.
[door rattling]
[in French] Monsieur Bourne,
there you are.
Monsieur Bourne,
I was wondering, I haven't seen you.
[in French] Uh, here I am.
-I think I forgot my key.
-Come in.
[church bell dinging]
Hello?
Are you sure this is all yours?
I guess.
This is my kitchen.
Any clues?
I think I'm in the shipping business.
So, it's all coming back, huh?
Do you mind if I use the bathroom?
Uh, sure.
Okay.
[water running]
[phone dialing]
[beeps]
[concierge, in French]
Hello, Hotel Regina.
Yeah. Hello? Hello?
[in English] Yes, sir, Hotel Regina,
Paris. How may I direct your call?
-Yeah, you're in Paris?
-Yes, sir.
I'm looking for a guest there.
Uh, Jason Bourne.
-One moment, please.
-Thank you.
I'm afraid I have no one
by that name registered, sir.
Okay. Thank you.
Wait! No, no. no. Are you there? Hello?
-Sir?
-Can you check another name
for me, please?
Here, bear with me one second.
John Michael Kane. Kane with a "K."
-One moment, sir.
-Thank you.
[man]You call about Monsieur Kane?
John Michael Kane?
Uh, yeah, that's right.
-You are a friend of his?
-Uh-huh. Yeah.
I have some very bad news for you, sir.
I'm terribly sorry to tell you this,
but Monsieur Kane has passed away
almost two weeks ago.
There was an accident on the motorway.
Apparently, he was killed instantly.
Really, I'm terribly sorry
to be the one to tell you this.
When they came for his things,
it was made known for us, you see?
-Who came?
-His brother.
Did his brother leave a number
or a way to get in touch with him?
I think not.
No, I'm sorry--
[water running]
[Marie] Uh, Jason, there's no hot water.
It's freezing.
I'll go try the water in the kitchen.
Why don't you just stay in the bathroom?
I'll see if I can get it hot.
Yeah, it's really cold in here, too.
The water is still cold.
Yeah, it's cold in the kitchen, too.
I got it running, though.
So...
What?
Nothing.
Are you okay?
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
[Marie] What is it?
Something wrong?
[gunfire]
[Castel grunting]
Jason!
[Castel grunts]
[Castel yelps]
[thudding]
[grunts]
Open that. Open that.
Tell me what's inside.
Who are you?
-Uh...
-[Bourne speaking French]
[Bourne speaking Italian]
[Marie] Oh, my God.
[Bourne speaking German]
God... Oh!
[Bourne] Answer me! Who are you?
-He's got my picture!
-All right. Just hang on.
-This is Zurich. It's yesterday!
-No, no, don't--
-I don't know. Where did you get this?
-Hang on. Stay there.
-Marie, stay there.
-How did you get my picture?
Where did you get this from?
How did you-- Let go!
Don't do this. I'll do this!
You stay there. Stay there!
[grunts]
-[thud]
-[tires screeching]
[horns honking]
[people clamoring]
-Where are your shoes? Get your shoes.
-Sure. Yeah, sure.
He went out the window.
Why would someone do that?
We can't stay here. It's not safe.
Look, I can get us out of here,
but we got to go.
We got to go right now.
Okay, look, you can wait.
You can wait for the cops. It's okay.
You just wait for them to get here.
But I can't. I got to go.
Marie?
-[Marie] Oh!
-[Bourne] Quiet. Be quiet.
-Don't look.
-[siren blaring]
[keypad beeping]
-[man] Code in.
-Alpha 3-7-5-0-9.
[phone ringing]
Yeah.
Hang on. Bourne. He went to Paris.
-He went to the apartment.
-We got him?
-Tell me.
-[Nicky] He killed our man.
-What? In the apartment?
-Yeah.
-[Conklin] Well, you got to clean that up.
-No, I can't clean it up.
-There's a body in the street.
-So?
There's police. This is Paris.
All right, put up the scanners.
Get as much radio information as you can.
Okay, you stay here.
I'm gonna go find a place for this money.
I'll be back in ten minutes.
[woman announcing over PA in French]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey, I told you to stay in the car.
Jesus Christ.
I told you to stay in the car.
I needed a drink.
I didn't think you would come back anyway.
Look, you got to go to the cops.
Right now.
You got to go before this gets any worse.
-By myself?
-It's gonna be okay.
You're gonna take my passport, okay?
You show this to them.
You have that picture,
you have the $20,000.
You tell them everything
that happened. Everything.
They're gonna believe you.
They have to believe you.
Marie, you can't just sit here.
-It's not safe here.
-Safe? This is from inside the embassy.
-Who can do this? This is from yesterday.
-I don't know.
How can they even know
that we're together?
Look, I'm trying to do
the right thing for you. Okay?
-Just... That's all I'm trying to do.
-Right?
How are you gonna make this right
by sending me there alone?
You think I want you to go to the cops?
-You think that's good for me?
-You want to go, fine.
-If you go to the cops, I gotta run!
-You go and tell them what happened!
I don't know what happened!
I don't know who this guy was!
I don't know about that picture!
I don't know who I am!
[grunts]
Look, I'm...
You're acting like
I'm trying to burn you here.
I'm just trying to do the right thing.
Nobody does the right thing.
Look, I can't run with you. I can't.
We run, I got to live like this. I gotta--
I don't even know who I'm hiding from.
These people know who I am.
Yeah, I gotta stay here.
I got to figure this out.
So, figure it out.
You take care of this car?
-[engine starts]
-What do you mean?
The tires felt a little splashy
on the way over here.
It pulls a little to the right.
[indistinct police radio chatter]
[siren blaring]
Last chance, Marie.
[engine revs, tires screeching]
[siren blaring]
[pedestrian yells]
[gasps]
[Bourne] So...
-What?
-Uh, we got a bump coming up.
[screams]
[Marie screaming]
[horn blaring]
[pedestrian shouting]
Turn your head away. Turn your head away.
[groans]
[horns blaring]
[horn blaring]
-[Marie] Oh!
-[pedestrian screams]
[turns off engine]
You can never come back to this car.
-You understand?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay, we're gonna clean it out,
and I'll wipe it down, and we walk away.
-That's it.
-Okay.
Okay. And I'll find
a place for us to rest.
And I got to think.
Do you have a hat,
or a scarf or something?
-For my hair?
-Yeah. Just until we can change it.
-Yeah. Sure. Okay.
-Okay.
HOFFENMEIN MORGUE
PARIS, FRANCE
-[children giggling]
-[man shushing]
[man shushing]
Monsieur Kane. Monsieur Kane.
[in French] This is it.
[in English] It's not him.
[in Yoruba]
This man was not shot.
[continues in Yoruba]
[in French] Come on.
[dialing phone]
[line ringing]
[Conklin on phone] What do you have?
[Nicky on phone]
Wombosi went to the morgue.
He saw the body. He didn't buy it.
Where is he now?
[Nicky] I told you,
I'm not staffed for this.
[Conklin] Where is he now?
Right now, where is Wombosi?
[Nicky] They were leaving the morgue.
They just left.
[Zorn] Sir, what do you want to do?
[beeping]
[shower running]
[turns off shower]
I need to get that bottle.
[drops bag]
Hey.
You already cleaned the room?
I wiped the whole place down
for fingerprints.
Can I walk around
or is it gonna leave any footprints?
[chuckles softly]
You can walk around. It's no problem.
But we'll just keep track
of everything we touch.
I just think it's better
if we leave a room,
-that we're not gonna leave a trail.
-Why? Where are we going?
I need to go to the hotel
where John Michael Kane stayed.
The Hotel Regina.
Um, if I was him,
then they're gonna have some records.
We need that hotel bill.
Okay.
It gets slightly complicated, though.
Because you're dead.
Right.
[water running]
-[man] Sir, please.
-[Wombosi] If they want war,
then we'll give them war.
If they want to kill me,
they better kill me the first time.
They better kill me dead.
They better kill me when I'm in my sleep.
Nykwana, listen to me.
We need these people.
It's hard enough getting people
that we know to help us.
We need to be careful.
We?
No, you.
You need to bring me back
that bastard Kane's head,
put it out in front of this house,
and show them
what kind of war we're fighting!
-But that is precisely--
-[gunshots]
[yells in Yoruba]
[man yelling]
[man yelling in distance]
Let's do a reference check before we go.
Okay.
What's the pay phone number?
616-2468.
-Exits?
-There's three.
Service at the back,
side goes to the street past the shops,
front is the best.
If I think I'm being followed, I walk out
with the bag over my right shoulder.
And if there's no taxi?
I keep on walking,
don't look back until you make contact.
What?
We need this, right?
Okay.
[Bourne] I need distances.
You walk in, you pick a spot.
Some midpoint in the lobby.
I want you to count your steps
to that spot,
and then remember that number.
Because after I call you,
I can get you moving.
You understand?
I also need a head count.
How many people from the time you walk in
until you get to the desk.
How many hotel employees are there?
And, obviously, security.
And it might not be that easy
to see who they are.
So I'll call you, you give me the layout,
and we'll take it from there.
[female operator] Hotel Regina.
[in French]
Yes, the house phone in the lobby.
[line ringing]
[knocking]
-What happened?
-Uh--
-Did something go wrong? What--
-I've got the records.
This guy at the front desk
was smiling at me.
So I thought, you know, all this trouble,
maybe it's easier to just ask for them.
-You have the bill?
-He made me a photocopy.
You just asked for it?
I said I was Mr. Kane's
personal assistant.
Oh.
-[Marie chuckles]
-Okay. Good thinking.
-[Zorn] Sir, can I--
-No.
Wombosi was assassinated
in his house in the middle of Paris.
Yeah, we just heard.
It's him. It's Bourne.
We're almost positive.
He had an assignment. He failed.
He obviously felt compelled
to finish the task.
-Jesus.
-We think he'll come back in now.
I mean, it's routine.
It's like behavioral software.
He's following a protocol.
Now that he's completed the mission,
we think he'll come back in.
They always do.
When? How long till he checks in?
-Twenty-four hours.
-Twenty-four hours?
Yeah, it's usually something like that.
Then what?
I told you we'd clean this up.
It will be clean.
[line ringing]
[Bourne] Yeah, I understand
you're a dive shop,
but where are you located?
Marseilles?
[phone dialing]
[man speaking in French]
[turns up volume]
What specifically does
your company supply?
[man] I am sorry. What did you say
your name was, monsieur?
[phone disconnects]
[speaking French]
[in French] You've been here
for three hours,
and you still can't find a print?
-What?
-Paris police found the vehicle.
[beeping]
[Rawlins] You've reached
the office of Simon Rawlins
at Alliance Security, Maritime Division.
Paris office hours are
from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
[Bourne] I got a lead in Paris.
The rest were Marseilles,
and two out in Southampton.
-In Paris? It's what?
-Alliance Security. Simon Rawlins.
I got a machine.
[elevator dings]
[speaking French]
[woman] Mr. Kane?
Mr. Kane!
-How are you?
-I'm good. I'm good. How are you?
Oh, Mr. Kane. Come right in.
Please have a seat.
Thank you.
So, this is the Palmer Johnson tri-deck.
I'm assuming you're still in the market.
It's still the same vessel.
Yes.
[indistinct chatter]
So, I'm Kane.
-Hey. They--
-I just had a meeting as Kane.
-They said--
-No, no. I'm definitely Kane.
I just had a meeting as Kane,
and he knew me as Kane.
So, I'm definitely Bourne.
I'm also just definitely Kane.
This is all just boats.
I got blueprints and cameras,
-and security systems.
-I just found John Michael Kane's body.
In a morgue here in Paris.
But, if you are John Michael Kane,
whose body do they have?
[woman singing in French on radio]
-What was name again?
-[Bourne] Kane.
Kane.
John Michael Kane.
Kane. It's number 121.
I want to see the body.
Our boss could come back.
We are not supposed to do that.
-Come on.
-[sighs]
Is this it? I mean, where is he?
I don't know.
[in French] What's going on?
[in French] This guy's
come to see the American.
-But the body, it's disappeared.
-They came yesterday evening, his brother.
He's not in the register.
[in English] Who are you?
What's going on here?
-Where's the body that goes in here?
-I said someone came last night.
Yeah, I know. Where'd they take the body?
Look, this is not a carnival, okay?
People call, they make an appointment,
and they follow the rules.
Everyone signs in and out.
This is a serious place. Serious work.
It's not just to come in
whenever you like!
You're right. You're right.
We didn't sign in.
-Get the hell out of here.
-Fine, fine.
-No, I'm just gonna go sign in.
-Okay, go.
[Bourne] Is this it?
-Slow down. You can't just take the book.
-This is it, right?
No, it's okay. There's a pencil in here.
All right. That's fine.
Honey, why don't you
go wait outside, all right?
-Here it is. Okay.
-We can't have--
Excuse me! [grunts]
Jason, what just happened in there?
What are you looking for?
Nykwana Wombosi.
Wombosi went to the morgue to visit Kane.
See?
-So?
-So, look.
He's in the Alliance Security brochure.
Same guy.
This guy knows.
-[people chattering]
-[siren blaring]
[woman mourning]
[Marie reading French haltingly]
My French sucks. I can't...
It says something about a boat or...
I don't understand. What does it say?
You read it. Huh? Tell me. What--
It says that
three weeks before he was killed,
Mr. Wombosi told police
that a man came onto his yacht
five miles off the coast of Marseilles,
and tried to kill him.
It says that he chased
the man off the boat
and shot him twice in the back.
It says I'm an assassin.
[siren blaring]
[in French] Stop the car.
[driver, in French]
But we're almost there.
[Bourne] Just right here, this is good.
I said stop.
[Marie] What's going on?
[in French] Well, what's going on?
-[Marie] What the hell are you doing?
-Go.
-What are--
-[Bourne] Go. Go.
[driver, in French] You gave me too much.
-We're blown. Come on.
-Blown? What is "blown"?
[in French] Monsieur,
your change. Your change.
[in French] Sir,
please, you have to leave.
Keep walking. Keep walking.
What do you think
they're doing back there?
They're on to the hotel.
-No. You don't know that.
-Trust me. Just keep walking.
[all clamoring]
[speaking French]
Are you crazy? What are you doing now?
Jason!
This is blown.
-Marie?
-Get away.
-Marie, stop right there. Stop.
-Get away from me. Or what?
-What are you gonna do? Kill me?
-Marie.
-Is that what's next?
-Listen, stay calm. Stay calm.
Whatever we do, we have to do it together.
-We have to be--
-We?
The only thing we had in common
was that neither one of us
knew who you were.
-We've passed that now.
-Marie, listen to me!
The police will find us.
And the people
who took that picture in the embassy,
the people who killed Wombosi,
they're gonna come here,
-and they're gonna kill us.
-The people who you work for.
I will take you wherever you need to go.
I will take you there.
I will leave you there.
You can do whatever you want.
You never have to see me again.
But not here. If we stay here, we die.
Boy, great police work! Really brilliant!
Why don't they just hang out a banner
that says, "Don't come back!"
Jesus Christ! What is
the French word for "stakeout," huh?
[grunts]
Okay, this was 16 minutes ago.
This is our starting point.
-They can't fly. Trains are risky. Nicky?
-[Nicky on phone] Here.
I need to know everything
Paris's finest is doing on this.
I'm on it.
[Abbott] You said 24 hours,
and he's not back.
[Conklin] No. But we got
a good idea where he is.
[Abbott] You've got a black ops agent
who's off the reservation.
He's trashed an American consulate.
He's on the run somewhere in Europe.
You don't know why. I've got to stand
before an oversight committee.
What am I gonna tell them
about Treadstone?
You're worried about a budget meeting?
We don't take care of this,
we don't make it to the men's room.
Now, is that clear enough for you?
We will burn for this.
We will, both of us, burn.
All right, I want two teams.
Daryl, Ray, stay on the grids.
Brian, Harris, Steve,
I want to work on this girl.
Where do we stand
with this residency pattern?
-We started it.
-Get it out.
[line ringing]
[truck passes by]
[man] We cross-referenced numbers
from the grandmother and stepbrother.
Whenever we found convergence,
we took those numbers, back-checked them,
and ran a search merge
with any other data we had on her,
which wasn't much. But--
Pins. These pins.
These are all the places we think
she's lived in the last six years.
-One, two, three, four, five.
-[line ringing]
That's our pool.
No answer.
How many times you let it ring?
Look, if you don't want to go, I'll hitch.
I said I'd take you.
[Conklin] Those are the targets.
Beg, borrow, hack, tap, bypass!
I don't care what you do!
I want to know everything you can tell me
about what's going on at those locations.
[Bourne] How do you know
he still owns this?
Eamon always had money.
He would never sell this.
[curses in German]
Marie?
What?
We got to go.
[curses in German]
-I thought it would--
-[car brakes squeak]
-Oh, shit, that's Eamon. I'll talk to him.
-We're leaving.
Eamon. Hey. Surprise.
It's me, Marie. Wow, God.
There's a really good reason for this.
-There bloody well better be.
-Daddy!
Hang on. Just hang on. Hang on.
I had no idea you would be here.
Well, why would I be here?
It's only my bloody house, right?
[Marie] Yeah.
Did she get you into this?
It was just gonna be for a day.
Daddy, Alain has to go pee!
All right, all right, come on.
Here, get out of the car.
Okay, in you go. Come on, Alain.
[grunts]
I'm sorry. I thought it would be okay.
But I guess I was wrong.
-Let's find Mommy.
-Mommy?
She is away for two days, thank God.
You've got yourself all tied up here.
Okay.
What does he do for a living?
He used to be in shipping.
Uh-huh.
Is he good for you?
Are you happy?
You know me. I try too hard.
[upbeat Christmas carol playing on stereo]
Here you go.
Sleep well.
Good night.
I'll sleep on the floor.
-This was when?
-11:45 a.m.
Which is definitely within
the driving range of Paris.
The call came from a highway rest stop,
southbound side.
[Conklin] Yeah. What's this yellow pin?
She spent a couple of months
there in 1997.
Closest town is Riom.
We took her family's phone records
and collated the international calls.
They were in Paris at 2:00 a.m.
They can't fly. Train's too dangerous.
He knows better than to go anywhere
we might track him.
So, this is our best guess.
[whispering] What are you doing here?
The kids. I was worried.
-I couldn't sleep.
-[Marie] You're gonna wake them up.
-We got to go.
-I don't want to know who I am anymore.
-Shh.
-I don't care. I don't want to know.
-Come on. We'll talk about--
-Everything I found out I want to forget.
-It's okay.
-I don't care who I am or what I did.
-We have this money.
We can hide.
Can we do that?
Is there any chance you can do that?
I don't know.
Come on.
[Claudia] Skye! Skye!
Here, boy!
Morning.
Christ. You were up early.
Bless you for making coffee.
One night. You weren't kidding.
-[door opens, closes]
-For a change.
He's not there either.
-[Eamon] And you looked by the car?
-He's not anywhere.
All right, let me get dressed.
-Who?
-[Eamon] Bloody dog's gone missing.
Does that happen a lot?
What? That mutt?
Miss his breakfast? Not a chance.
It's always something, right?
-Get in the basement.
-What?
-Get everyone in the basement, right now.
-What the hell are you talking about?
You're in danger. Your family's in danger.
I don't have time to explain.
-Wait a minute. What the--
-Eamon.
You should go.
-What the hell have you done?
-It's not her. It's me.
You need to get out of sight
and in the basement as quick as you can.
Daddy.
I'm sorry. Let's go.
-The phone is dead.
-Yeah.
Jason, who's out there? Who is it?
[cursing in German]
What are you doing?
Oh, no.
We should never have come here.
-These children, if--
-That's not gonna happen.
[door opens]
[gun firing]
[birds screeching]
-[gun fires]
-[grunts]
[grunting]
[groaning]
Where is it? Where's the weapon?
Who else is out here?
Who else? How many you got with you?
I'm not gonna ask you again.
I work alone. Like you.
We always work alone.
-What do you mean?
-Who are you? Rome?
Paris?
Treadstone, both of us.
-Treadstone?
-Which one?
Paris. I live in Paris.
You still get the headaches?
-Yeah.
-I get such bad headaches.
You know, at night,
when you're driving a car.
I don't know. Maybe it's something
to do with the headlights.
What is Treadstone?
Treadstone said...
They said go to Paris.
Is Treadstone in Paris?
Look at this.
Look at what they made you give.
[grunts, gasps]
All right, all right.
All right, Claudia,
get in the front and put your belt on.
All right, we're just gonna
put you in the back.
All right, get in the front, Claudia.
I'm not waiting, Marie.
-One minute, Eamon.
-I'm not waiting!
[Marie] Please!
Take it. I took out 30 grand.
The rest is yours.
-That's it?
-That's all I got.
No, that's not what I meant.
This is not gonna stop, Marie.
You got to get out now. Away from me.
You got to get out.
You got to start running.
You get low, you stay low.
No more friends. Nothing familiar.
There's enough in there
for you to make a life. Any life.
-[Eamon] I'm out of here, Marie!
-Hey!
Get in the car. You got to go.
[engine running]
What are you gonna do?
I'll end it.
Go ahead.
Please.
[beeps]
[line ringing]
[phone ringing]
Code in, please.
Code in.
[turns on speaker]
[Bourne] Who is this?
Who the hell are you?
The man you sent is dead.
So, whoever this is,
you better start talking.
[Conklin] Hello, Jason.
So, what are we into now?
Come on. It only goes two ways, Jason.
Either you come in
and let us make this right,
or we're gonna have to keep going
until we're satisfied.
You mean until you kill me.
I can't fix this, Jason,
if I don't know what the problem is.
So, tell me what we're into,
and I'll do the best I can.
[mouths]
Why don't you talk to Marie, Jason?
-Let's ask Marie what she wants to do.
-Actually, I don't think she gives a shit.
She's dead.
I'm sorry to hear that.
How did that happen?
She was slowing me down.
Jason, listen,
all we've been doing right from--
Enough. Enough.
5:30 p.m., Paris.
Today. Pont Neuf.
You come alone,
you walk to the middle of that bridge.
You take off your jacket. Face east.
-I'll redial this number.
-Jason, wait!
First flight out. Tell Nicky I'll call
from the car. Tell her to find Picot. Go.
So, what are we gonna do?
I told you I'd clean this up.
That's what I'm doing.
Can you really bring him in?
I think we're past that, don't you?
What? Do you have a better idea?
Well, so far you've given me nothing
but a trail of collateral damage
from Zurich to Paris.
I don't think I could do much worse.
Well, why don't you go upstairs
and book a conference room?
Maybe you can talk him to death.
[man 1 over earphone] The bus,
the tour bus, second level.
[man 2 over earphone]
Negative on the target.
-[man 1] Position one?
-[man 3] Negative.
-[man 1] Position two?
-[man 4] Negative.
[in French] He just went past me.
[man 1] Position three, motorcycle.
-[man 3] Negative.
-[man 4] Negative.
[radio static crackling]
[cell phone ringing]
[in French] All in position.
-Jason?
-I told you to come alone.
I guess that was too complicated.
So, try this. I'm gone.
Fuck.
[Conklin] Get Nicky on the phone.
[line ringing]
[cell vibrating]
-[Nicky] Yeah?
-[Conklin] How long does it take
to wipe the room down and get it moved?
-Get rid of everything?
-Yeah.
-[Nicky] Two to three hours.
-All right, well, get started.
[bleeping]
Listen, no breaks.
Two men outside, one in the lobby.
And keep your eyes open.
-[man] Keep the truck?
-[Conklin] Yeah, keep the truck.
I'm gonna close this unit down.
We'll move the gear in the truck.
[Nicky] They were covering
Spain, Malta, Morocco.
Yes, all local police radio traffic.
No, for Northern Europe
we need an authorized directive. Yeah.
Okay, they're on it. We'll have
a satellite download in 30 minutes.
[bleeping]
[car alarms blaring]
[speaking French]
Where's your field box?
-[keyboard clacking]
-[beeping]
-Where's your field box?
-It's right there.
The whole system's gone haywire.
That's this window, right here.
-Dining room window?
-[gun cocks]
I don't get it.
Dead. The phones are dead.
It's Bourne, isn't it?
Just quiet.
[thud]
You move, you die.
-Bourne...
-Gun down.
In there.
-Okay, so what do you want--
-Treadstone.
You better take a look around.
There's not much left.
-Are you Treadstone?
-Am I Treadstone? Me?
What the hell are you talking about?
He's lost it.
You better start
filling in the blanks here,
'cause I thought we were on the same side.
Whose side is that?
Boy, you don't know
what you're doing, do you, Jason?
You don't have a goddamn clue!
Who am I?
You're U.S. government property!
You're a malfunctioning
$30 million weapon!
You're a total goddamn catastrophe!
And, by God, if it kills me,
you gotta tell me how this happened.
-Why are you trying to kill me?
-What happened in Marseilles?
Why are you trying--
You sent me to kill Wombosi.
Kill Wombosi?
Yeah, we can do that any time we want.
I can send Nicky to do that,
for Christ's sake.
Mr. Wombosi was supposed to be dead
three weeks ago.
He was supposed to have died in a way
where the only possible explanation was
that he'd been murdered
by a member of his own entourage.
I don't send you to kill.
I send you to be invisible.
I send you because you don't exist.
Now, I want to know
what happened in Marseilles.
I don't remember
Bullshit! This is unacceptable, soldier.
You hear me? You failed!
-Unacceptable?
-You failed!
-You failed, and you're gonna tell me why!
-I can't tell you!
-I don't remember a goddamn thing!
-You brought John Michael Kane to life.
You put together a meeting with Wombosi.
You found the security company.
-I don't--
-You broke into the office!
For Christ's sake,
you're the one who picked
the yacht as a goddamn strike point!
You picked the boat.
You picked the day. You tracked the crew.
The food, the fuel.
You told us where. You told us when.
[child giggling]
You hid out on that boat for five days.
You were in, Jason. You were in!
It was over!
[gun fires]
No, you do remember.
Don't you?
I don't want to do this anymore.
I don't think
that's a decision you can make.
-[grunts, groans]
-[clattering]
Jason Bourne is dead. Do you hear me?
He drowned two weeks ago.
You're gonna go tell them
that Jason Bourne is dead.
-You understand?
-Where are you gonna go?
[groans]
I swear to God,
if I even feel somebody behind me,
there is no measure to how fast
and how hard I will bring this fight
to your doorstep.
I'm on my own side now.
[radio crackling]
[creaking]
[man, in French] My God, what happened?
[woman, in French]
I don't know, I think he fell.
[man grunts]
[footsteps approaching]
[grunts]
It's done.
Shut it down.
[keyboard clacking]
[Abbott] The Treadstone Project
has actually already been terminated.
It was designed primarily
as a sort of advanced game program.
We'd hoped it might build
into a good training platform.
But, quite honestly,
for a strictly theoretical exercise,
the cost-benefit ratio was just too high.
It's all but decommissioned at this point.
All right, what's next?
Okay, this is
Blackbriar.
Blackbriar is a joint DOD
communications program
that we really feel
has good traction to it.
It's got legs. It'll run and run.
It combines elements of proactive
and reactive fields of security...
This your store?
Yeah.
It's nice.
It's a little hard to find, but...
Think I could rent a scooter?
You have ID?
Not really.